9/23/19

notes on other prowess papers:

- De Loecker et al. "Prices, Markups, and Trade Reform"  

Product-level information is available for 85 percent of the
manufacturing firms, which collectively account for more than 90 percent of Prowess’ manufacturing
output and exports. Since product-level information and overall output are reported in separate
modules, we can cross check the consistency of the data. Product-level sales comprise 99 percent of
the (independently) reported manufacturing sales.

The definition of a product is based on the CMIE’s internal product classification, which is
based on India’s national industrial classification (NIC). There are 1,400 products in the sample
for estimation

5We have fewer products than in Goldberg et al. (2010b) because we require non-missing values for quantities
and revenues rather than just a count of products, and drop small sectors that do not have enough observations to
implement the methodology.

The data also have some disadvantages. Unlike Census data, the CMIE database is not well
suited for understanding firm entry and exit. However, Prowess contains mainly medium large
Indian firms, so entry and exit is not necessarily an important margin for understanding the process
of adjustment to increased openness within this subset of the manufacturing sector.

6Firms in Prowess account for 60 to 70 percent of the economic activity in the organized industrial sector and
comprise 75 percent of corporate taxes and 95 percent of excise duty collected by the Government of India (CMIE).

we observe industry-wide deflated firm-level input expenditures rather than firm-level
input quantities.

Although Prowess uses an
internal product classification that is based on the Harmonized System (HS) and National Industry
Classification (NIC) schedules, our version of Prowess did not explicitly link the product names
57
reported by the firms to this classification. We hired two research assistants, working independently,
to map the codes to the product names reported by firms. The research assistants assigned product
codes with identical NIC codes in 80% of the cases, representing 91% of output. A third research
assistant resolved the differences between the mappings done by the first two research assistants by
again manually checking the classifications.

-  Email them to get the NIC codes?  Do we get around 1,400 products (thereabouts) with the current 
product definition?  Getting NICs codes will allow us to merge to ASI data (I would imagine)



-   Bertrand et al. "FERRETING OUT TUNNELING: AN APPLICATION TO
INDIAN BUSINESS GROUPS*"

We rely on CMIE classification of firms into group and nongroup
firms, and of group firms into specific group affiliation.
CMIE classification is based on a “continuous monitoring of company
announcements and a qualitative understanding of the
groupwise behavior of individual companies” (Prowess Users’
Manual, v.2, p.4). Note also that CMIE assigns each company to
a unique ownership group, based on the group most closely associated
with that company. Conversations with local experts corroborate
these classifications; which group a firm belongs to is
widely known





5/22/19

	- read papers on HHI definitions

	- read papers on prowess data
		- how do people code products in prowess?

	- research Indian FTC

 The CMIE database is not well suited for understanding firm entry and exit because firms are under no
legal obligation to report to the data collecting agency. However, since Prowess contains only the largest
Indian firms, entry and exit is not necessarily an important margin for understanding these firms. 


Before the competition commission: Monopolies & Restrictive Trade Practices Commission, no teeth??



Think about the laws and institutions around shareholders...
	weak legal protection for minority shareholders

NEW STUFF



From Nishith Desai report:

Competition Act prescribes financial thresholds linked
with assets / turnover for the purposes
of determining whether a transaction is a ‘combination’,
and CCI approval is required only for combinations.
Recently, vide notification dated March 4, 2016, the CCI
has increased the thresholds for the purposes of section
5 of the Competition Act. A transaction that satisfies any
of the following tests is a combination:-
An acquisition where the parties to the acquisition, i.e.
the acquirer and the target, jointly have:
§ Test 1: India Asset Test and India Turnover Test - in
India (i) assets higher than INR 2,000 crore; or (ii)
turnover higher than INR 6,000 crore; or
§ Test 2: Global Asset Test and Global Turnover
Test - Total assets in India or outside higher than
USD 1 billion of which assets in India should be
higher than INR 1,000 crores; or (ii) total turnover
in India or outside is higher than USD 3 billion
of which turnover in India should be higher than
INR3,000crores; OR
The acquirer group58 would have –
§ Test 1: India Asset Test and India Turnover Test - in
India (i) assets higher than INR 8, 000 crores; or (ii)
turnover higher than INR 24,000 crores; or
§ Test 2: Global Asset Test and Global Turnover Test -
(i) Total assets in India or outside higher than USD 4
billion of which assets in India are higher than INR
1,000 crores; or (ii) total turnover in India or outside
is higher than USD 12 billion of which turnover in
India should be higher than INR 3,000 crores.
B.Small Company Exemption
On March 4, 2016 vide a notification, the CCI has
increased the de-minimis thresholds for small
companies. Now an exemption has been granted to
companies which have assets of less than INR 350
crores or turnover of less than INR 1,000 crores in India
(“SME Exemption”). However, this exemption is only
valid for a period of five years and is available until
March 04, 2021.